Merge scala 2 and scala 3 themes and guides (#2430)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/taste-intro.md

This chapter provides a whirlwind tour of the main features of the Scala 3 programming language.
After this initial tour, the rest of the book provides more details on these features, and the [Reference documentation][reference] provides _many_ more details.

## Setting Up Scala

Througout this chapter, and the rest of the book, we encourage you to try out the examples by either copying
them or typing them out manually. The tools necessary to follow along with the examples on your own computer

> can be installed by following our [getting started guide](/getting-started/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be installed by following our [getting started guide]({% link _getting-started/index.md %}).
```

Author: done
